In single-server app, React code are served by Node/Express back-end server.

After creating React app using "npx create-react-app":
1. Create a server.js and routers folder(including home.js), which includes express routes logic that serves both http requests annd static files(i.e. React code).
    
2. npm i -s express axios react-router-dom: to install dependencies
3. npm i --save-dev concurrently nodemon cors: to install devDependencies
4. Modify the package.json that's auto-generated by "npx create-react-app": 
    * in "scripts":
        * "start": "react-script start" --> "start": "node server.js"
        * Add "devStart": "devstart": "concurrently \"nodemon ./server.js\" \"react-scripts start\"", to run backend and frontend separately on different servers during development phase??????
    * Add "proxy": "http://localhost:8000". So that when making http request at front-end(i.e. in React) to backend, we don't need to write the full URL: Axios.get("http://localhost:8000/api/home",...),  but just Axios.get("/api/home", ...) will do. "proxy" will automatically pre-pend "http://localhost:8000" to the request endpoint/URL.



#### Note: We still need to use 'cors' in server.js, just for dev phase. 
Notice the "devStart" script below runs React and node server separately during dev phase. So 'cor' issue still exists. But if we run 'npm run build' and then "npm run start" (which does 'node server.js'), node server will now serve us the react code (i.e. this route is defined in server.js), and since front-end and back-end are now in the same domain, 'cors' is not neede any more. This is simulating what Heroku will do (first run "npm run build", and then 'npm run start') after we deploy our app.



### Notes on MongoDB connections:
* MongoDB Atlas setup and Heroku deployment:  Guide(https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f89LolZA_DpbhNltEyLxQnOscqCcBEnYXWuymIc2w_s/edit)
* When using local MongoDB instance, how to use terminal to check collections:
`mongo`: start the mongo shell.
`show dbs`: show databases. 
`use [database_name]`: use a specific database, e.g. pokemons_app
`show collections`: show collections of this database